{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Space Ideas\
\
Space Events:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\\\16.03.2020\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - This could include a regular meet up with different nations around the universe or solar system, like the Olympics but on a wider range of nations representing their planet with a different sort of event category. Winning prizes. \
\
- Space wars nations could develop tension between themselves and they could decide a war against each other or to over take a planet for the resources.\
\
- These could be missions lead by the players, they would have to gather intel and report back to someone. Depending on the sort on information gather the amount of actions would be taken. Making the game more harder and diverse than other games. AI would heavily be involved and could fulfil the role if this was a campaign or the player was playing single player e.g. being a driver.\
\
-Tensions between nations, this could because the nations have always had a falling out over who claims what in the systems or the universe. This could be random for any reason the map generation could change the way different nation act towards each other.\
\
Travelling In and Out of Solar Systems:\
\\\\16.03.2020\
- Every system has their own boundary to where the system ends the easiest way for transportation would be \'91leaping\'92 as they use in Star Wars. Certain amount of energy would have to be used and depending on the power of the ship would mean how far the ship could travel and how long it could travel for. Maybe people you use leaping gates and charge people for this, making a large amount of money if the gate was placed well. \
\
- Worm holes, these have always had a question mark to them. The worm hole could be used for shady business such a the \'91space mafia\'92 for example or the \'91dark side\'92. The worm hole could corrupt and destroy the ship and the people inside and any valuable thing such as documentation and ship parts. Or the hole could lead Into a black hole cause the everything on board to be lost endless the ship had a feature to save itself. }