{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c20392\c20392\c20392;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11900\viewh16840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Ideas for the Survival Game\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 AI:\
\pard\tx20\tx240\pardeftab720\li240\fi-240\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Different countries and nations also have the behaviours tab and allow communications throw the different people this means that the way people communicate between each other could affect the relationship.\
\pard\tx20\tx261\pardeftab720\li261\fi-262\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Trading with other AI, other solar systems have a different set of rules so if entering the players entering must follow and respect the rules of the AI or the other players controlling the land otherwise punishment is under their command.\
\'95	Allow the AI nations to develop alongside of the players. \
\'95	AI have jobs within the nations that they are part of allowing the nations to function properly. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
SPACE:\
\pard\tx20\tx240\pardeftab720\li240\fi-240\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Dangers outside of the planets. e.g. this could be an incident within the rocket such as running out of fuel or colliding with an asteroid. Meaning the rocket would be stranded or damaging depending on how hard, fast and big the asteroid or waste material hit the rocket.\
\'95	Asteroids, must implemented into the game\
\'95	Gas Giants, mining for power.\
\pard\tx20\tx261\pardeftab720\li240\fi-240\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Ice giants to make oxygen and hydrogen. \
\'95	Black holes\
\pard\tx20\tx261\pardeftab720\li261\fi-262\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Worm holes, ends up in a different part of the galaxy (corrupts and destroys ship)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
WORLD:\
- Start from the beginning?\
\pard\tx20\tx261\pardeftab720\li261\fi-262\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Have starter kit, e.g. farming tools and mining tools as well. General basic ideas and materials needed for the people to comfortably start the game.\
\'95	What sort of obstacles can we throw in the way of the player to disrupt the difficulty level? Aggressiveness of animals and other creatures\
\'95	Natural disasters on earth such as eruptions and earthquakes. This all depends on where in the world or plant you are on would cause the problem.  \
\pard\tx20\tx261\pardeftab720\li261\fi-262\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2 \cf0 \'95	Different environments, extreme environments such as Deserts, or Antarctica, therefore only certain animals and organisms can live in these harsh environments. Players would have to be careful with what they mess with or how the approach the environment.
\f1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2 \'95	Adding seasons, Spring, Summer, Autumn & Winter. Different planets may start at different season and some may last for less amounts of time or possibly longer. 
\f1 \
\'95	People divided up between different countries, maybe implement the current world countries and conflicts. Change the situations like the world every update?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Resources:\
\pard\tx20\tx261\pardeftab720\li261\fi-262\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Ores e.g. Iron, Gold & Copper. \
\'95	Alloys, Bronze and other materials that are made from other metals. Use a smeltery or some form of smelting system to use the ores.\
\pard\tx20\tx261\pardeftab720\li261\fi-262\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2 \cf0 \'95	Basic minerals such as Iron has a symbol Fe, and the atom value of such and such\'85 if we implement the periodic table and all the elements with our own as well the different compounds, mixtures and minerals we could make would be awesome.
\f1 \
\pard\tx20\tx261\pardeftab720\li261\fi-262\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Fuels, fossil fuels and other types of fuels would be a really good idea, because the players must power the bases, vehicles and other entities. \
\'95	Those fuels have to be refined and fractions in way so the players would have to find a way how to do this.\
\'95	Renewable power, such as wind power or hydroelectric. This could be done on a smaller scale with a little river or the players could use the initiative to make the power or design a more effective way.\
\'95	Renewable resources such as wood and other plants that grow. For example, at a really simple stage you could use the fibres from stinging nettles. \
\pard\tx20\tx261\pardeftab720\li261\fi-262\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2 \cf0 \'95	Resources such as trees would have to regrow, what about following the biodiversity and the regrowth of plants. E.g. bees pollenating flowers and birds taking and processing seeds
\f1 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2 \'95	Food chain? Microorganisms - little fish - larger fish - etc.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Players: \
- Players earn money by having a job and a salary. This job could be anything you could dream of as longs the job is offered by the nations. Remember different nations may have different jobs because of their situation and the circumstances they live in.\
Hosting:\
- 8 players at most, a recommended amount would be 4. The more players the worse the hosting becomes for the person hosting and the players. \
	- Hosting via servers could be a massive potential, look at GTA servers and other servers similar to them. This could be a potential way forward. Play hosting would be first before probably though. \
\
Laws of the Land:\
- All well developed or developing nations should have a set of rules that lay out what should happen and players/AI should follow these rules otherwise punishments would be enforced. For example the \'91major nations\'92 would council if the crime committed was incredibly bad. Death punishments may be enforced elsewhere as supposed to different ones.}