{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11900\viewh16840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ship Ideas\
\
Ship Basic Overall Ideas:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Ships are made up from components and swappable parts. The hull of a ship determines how many components or parts it can have inside of it. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \'a5	
\f0 The hull also determines the look of the ship and also the durability or health of it. The ship can be painted by the player using a paint editor (colour wheel etc.). Each hull will allow up for 3 colours on it at a time with a main colour, secondary colour and an accent colour. This will allow the player to have multiple ships that follow the same colour trend and style as each other. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \'a5	
\f0 This whole ship system could be programmed using scriptable objects with the hull being the root object and the components being scripted. The hull could be scripted to include a mesh for the object, health etc and components applied to the ship will complement this. This is mentioned in more detail in the ship programming design document.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Components:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Every component allows certain interactions with the world. For example, a mining laser can mine asteroids, without this you could not. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Components can have different tiers or levels to them, which increases their efficiency, speed or effect on the world.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Components are categorised into three categories based on their function and their size. A specific hull can only support a certain number of each of these categories. The three categories could be \'93large\'94, \'93medium\'94 or \'93small\'94. Weapons could be classed as \'93large\'94 components for example and the hull of that ship may only support two of these \'93large\'94 components.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \'a5	
\f0 A ship has a reactor installed into it and this is crucial to a ships operation as every component will use a certain amount of power and will generate a certain amount of strain or heat onto it. This means the player will have to skilfully manage what they are using at one particular time.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Along with these three categories, the ship will have an upgrade slot system so that x number of upgrades can be added to a ship and this will be determined on the actual ship hull and the reactor installed into the ship.\
\
Illegal Components:\
- Some components used by certain AI or Nations would think or have a set of rules only allowing certain components. If the components didn\'92t fit within the regulations of the land, the fines or other punishments could be dished out to those who broke the rules. For example \'91Military Grade Hull\'92, this could be illegal as it\'92s as power as the Military\'92s power. Some nations could be more lenient about the regulations. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\
	Large Components:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1286\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 These components are major components that define a ships major purpose. They will include large objects such as weapons or mining lasers and will physically be visible on the ships mesh at dedicated points on the ship\'92s base mesh such as platforms or slots for them to sit.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Medium Components:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1286\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 These components act as small additions to a ship\'92s functionality, they are often used in collaboration with larger components. For example, a gravity generator which could be used to gather ores from asteroids once they have been mined by the laser, rather than having to scoop them up. These will also include components such as armour and shielding. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Small Components:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1286\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 These components contribute utility features such as scanners and other \'93support\'94 based items. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1286\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Expansion Components:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1286\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 These components offer expansions to ships. For example, they could increase the cargo space of a mining ship or cargo hauler. They are passive and do not require extra power.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
	Upgrade Components: \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1286\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 These components are smaller benefits and abilities such as upgrades to other components, for example it can increase the amount of damage to a weapon or make the mining laser more effective by increasing its range or speed. These upgrades will cost energy from the reactor.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Special Components:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1286\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 These components can only be attached to a ship once and are often components such as the reactor, the hull, warp drive etc.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
AI Encounters:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1286\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 All ships in the galaxy follow this ship component system and so AI ships will also follow this. This means the player will have to analyse other ships to find out what components they have if they want to engage them in order to find weaknesses or flaws in their system such as the type of weapons they have. \
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1 \'a5	
\f0 The player can intercept cargo haulers from other factions and loot them, although this could cause that faction to dislike the player faction unless the other faction does not know what happened, this is a potential for stealth missions on enemy ships, or transmission could be intercepted in an all-out space battle.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}